[demo docs] Add imageSlowLoad featureflag description (#4483)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/demo/feature-flags.md

| `paymentServiceUnreachable`         | Checkout Service | Use a bad address when calling the PaymentService to make it seem like the PaymentService is unavailable. |
| `loadgeneratorFloodHomepage`        | Loadgenerator    | Start flooding the homepage with a huge amount of requests, configurable by changing flagd JSON on state. |
| `kafkaQueueProblems`                | Kafka            | Overloads Kafka queue while simultaneously introducing a consumer side delay leading to a lag spike.      |

> | `imageSlowLoad`                     | Frontend         | Utilizing envoy fault injection, produces a delay in laoding of product images in the frontend.           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `imageSlowLoad`                     | Frontend         | Utilizes envoy fault injection, produces a delay in loading of product images in the frontend.           |
```
